fix: dfx.json incomplete sentence (#5467)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/developer-tools/cli-tools/dfx-json.mdx

- `example_backend`: Defines the name of the canister in this project.

> - `main`: The primary source code file for the canister that serves as the canister's entrypoint. By default, for Motoko canisters this file is `main.mo`. For Rust canisters, the `candid' keyword is used in place of the `main` keyword to define the entrypoint of a canister. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `main`: The primary source code file for the canister that serves as the canister's entry point. By default, for Motoko canisters, this file is `main.mo`. For Rust canisters, the `candid' keyword is used in place of the `main` keyword to define the entry point of a canister. 
```

Reviewer: Should this be "entrypoint" or "entry point?"

Author: "entrypoint"
